# Research Sync 2025-12-6

**Attendees:** Caroline Cahill, In Keun Kim, Song Li

**Date:** 2025-12-6
---

## Summary

We finished the brainstorming and design of our new project. Rightnow, we are fast moving forward to implement our core arechitecture. The codebase can be viewed [here](https://github.com/arise-ai-security/arise-sec-lion).

**Current Status:** 游릭 On Track / 游리 Minor Obstacles / 游댮 Blocked

游릭 **On Track**: We made sure that the essential architecture is working, and we are able to provide the basic functionality of our design. 

游리 **Minor Obstacles**: OpenHands SDK is rapidly updating, and it causes some issues with our implementations.

游댮 **Blocked**: Final Exam Season.

---

## Key Accomplishments This Week

### 1. Engineering: The Experiment Platform

We finished the basic implementation of our Event-Sourcing Design. This software engineering principle allows us to have a more modular and flexible architecture.

### 2. Reasoning: Project Brainstorming and Design
We consolidated our ideas and unified our understandings of the tree-strucutured multi-agent system among all members.

### 3. Future Work: Next Steps
We plan to remove our dependency on the unstable OpenHands SDK by introducing the [Google ADK](https://colab.research.google.com/github/google/adk-docs/blob/main/examples/python/tutorial/agent_team/adk_tutorial.ipynb). This approach is able to enable us to have more stable implementations. After the final exam season is over, all of team members should be able to devote more time to the project.

### 4. Time Management
We aim to publish the paper by the end of January, 2026 to ICML. All of the team members should discuss togeter to finalize a workable time schedule.
