# Research Sync 2025-10-24

**Attendees:** Caroline Cahill, In Keun Kim, Song Li

**Date:** 2025-10-24
---

## 1. Summary
**Current Status:** 🟢 On Track / 🟡 Minor Obstacles / 🔴 Blocked  

🟢 *Still trying to reproduce the SEC-Bench.*

🟡 **

🔴 *We are having disk issues: out of disk quota, slow speed. The Docker images take too much
space and loading the vulnerabilities dataset from google OSS-FUZZ takes more than 5 hrs.*

---

## 2. Key Accomplishments This Week
- We overcame docker image tag bugs, and dataset filtering issues.  
- 

---

## 3. Individual Updates

### [Caroline Cahill]  
**Progress**  
- ...
- ...
- ...
- ...

**Plans for Next Week**
- ...
- ...

**Blockers / Needs**  
- ...

---


### [In Keun Kim]
**Progress**  
- ...
- ...
- ...
- ...

**Plans for Next Week**  
- ...
- ...
- ...

**Blockers / Needs**  
- ...


---

### [Song Li]  
**Progress**  
- Working on the reproduction.

**Plans for Next Week**  
- SecBench Reproduction.

**Blockers / Needs**  
- Time management is needed.

---

## 4. Blockers / Challenges
- 

---

## 5. Goals for Next Week
- **Primary Goal:** 
- **Secondary Goal:** 

---

## 6. Discussion Points
- [Topic 1: e.g., Brainstorming ideas for a new visualization for Figure 2.]  
- [Topic 2: e.g., Discussing the surprising results from Experiment A.]   

---

## 7. Action Items
- [Reproduce Sec-Bench] [Action Item] — **Owner:** [All], **Due:** 2025-10-31
  Try the Claude code and compare it with SWE-Agent, OpenHands, Aider, etc. We want to create
  a fix rate distribution of CWE based on the types of vulnerability. Visualize the result. Demonstrate the inference examples similar to cybergym/experiments/cybench.

- [] [Action Item] — **Owner:** [All], **Due:** 2025-10-31
  ** Draft a document detailing issues encountered.

- [] [Action Item] — **Owner:** [All], **Due:** 2025-10-31
  ** Determine the most cost-effective platform. Calculate expected costs based on weekly working hours.

- [] [Action Item] — **Owner:** [All], **Due:** 2025-10-
  **

## 8. Progress over the last week to set up SEC-bench
- [Implementation Overview](https://arise-ai-security.github.io/docs/reviews/sec-bench/implementation/overview)
- Currently loading a subset of 224 instances out of 738.
- Goal: Reproduce SEC-bench results with Claude Code.

## 9. Possible Solutions
1. Configure machines in the lab with around 1 terabyte of storage and test feasibility on one machine.
2. Use vast.ai to rent GPUs at an affordable rate.